Is this your revenge for me?
Not so good?
Banned me from marrying my woman
You are not good enough
You wait for me.
I'll see how you do after tomorrow
Then I'll wait.
Don't let us down! Let's go!
Hello
failed
The ghost of that bitch Blue Phoenix
He, he, he is not afraid of that
Okay, then wait for the one to be crowned tomorrow
Oh, Mr. Wang, I haven't been angry for a long time.
Go over there
Patriarch Zhao still has to deal with the coronation ceremony here
Isn't this Mr. Xu?
Come here
Emperor
Heard about it
Young Master Huang and Young Master Li are now celebrities around the headquarters
I heard that Mr. Li is interested in my Yufei
After today
Young Master Li and our Yufei are family
In the future, I have to ask Young Master Huang and Young Master Li to take care of me a lot.
Hey, it's easy to say, it's easy to say
Say Cao Cao Cao Cao arrived
Since you are here
So does the old hatred have to be ended today?